the world this is jason with laptop
stands TV again today we're going to
look at a laptop stand called the laptop
3 fan cooling pad right here let me go
and bring it up close so you can get a
good look at it okay it's the back of it
will be talking about that in a moment
so laptop cooling pad 3 fan cooling pad
we'll start off with the number one
reason why you might want to buy this
one but it gets the job done and
probably one of the most affordable
prices there are the market right now it
is one of the top selling laptop stands
precisely for that combination gets the
job done very affordable is it you pick
it up for six bucks right now I never
know if this is a viewers first time
watching one of our videos are just
starting to research laptop stands and
what you know about them because I
repeat this in a lot of our videos but
just in case is your first one some
basic reason why you need a laptop stand
because a lot of people don't know
number one reason particularly the
cooling pads is to keep your laptop cool
it prolongs the life time of your of
your laptop your notebook computer it
also enhances the performance of your
laptop keeping it cool the secondary
reason is ergonomic obviously laptops
are our flat your hands are in a flat
position it's better to have them an
incline position so laptop stands also
inclined your laptop so if I can just I
don't know if you can see it well from
this angle here but you can see it's not
about a ten percent incline here that
will raise the notebook so this stand it
does those those two things it gets the
job done now sometimes you think Oh
affordable that just a is it also cheap
as it go to work let me I'm gonna go
ahead and put my
big ol 17-inch macbook pro on this guy
right here sturdy I've been using this
for about a couple weeks now it it does
fine it stands up to find looked at a
lot of reviews online several people are
happy with the reliability of this stand
so it does the job six bucks so for
those of you who are you know
on-the-fence what you want to get a
stand or not this is a great way to to
start to purchase something not worry
about risking too much money so anyway
oh let's just take a couple a look at a
couple of other features well I'm
thinking about it before I forget this
stand notice the fans are exposed on the
back this is something you're going to
probably want to use on your desktop
rather than your lap you could use it on
your lap but really put on a lap desk or
a different stand for that the only
thing let's take a look to other things
here is your you a USB cable port here
let me just bring this up a little
closer and I'll I don't plug this in in
a second you'll see this this has a port
out here so once you plug it in for the
powering the fans you can still plug in
another tool that you need to the UVs
port there so that's a good feature so
the last thing I'm going to plug it in
here and you'll see why lot of people
like this thing it just has a cool
feature as a blue LED light for working
in the dark it just looks cool and it
provides kind of a calming ambience so
let's just go ahead and do that 17-inch
MacBook Pro up here plug sky in
ok
you can't see by the way here it is
featured on laptop stands on TV i
recommend right after you look at this
video go check it out on our website i'm
going to leave here in a second turn off
light so you can see the blue LED action
going in there you have it okay again
this has been another product review
coming from laptop stands TV again
please check in this with us regularly
we'll continue to update our video
review files of laptop stands so thank
you very much good